README.md, before:

A practice environment for the Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) EX294 exam.

Run the script `bin/deploy.sh` to:
- Install `podman` and `podman-compose` if not present
- Configure the root password for all nodes (default is `qwerty`)
- Build the local node image (from the Rocky Linux UBI 10 base) with systemd
- Deploy the node stack (control and managed nodes)

Once this runs you will automatically be connected to the control node to start practicing.

Access to# the control node can be performed manually with `podman exec -it ex294_control /bin/bash`.

The `bin/restart.sh` script will bring down the stack; removing containers and the container network, and redeploy the lab.

## Setup
Following other similar setups, this compose file will create one control node and four managed nodes:
- control.example.com (172.28.128.100)
- node1.example.com (172.28.128.101)
- node2.example.com (172.28.128.102)
- node3.example.com (172.28.128.103)
- node4.example.com (172.28.128.104)

## Note
These nodes do NOT:
- Have Ansible or Python installed on them.
- Have password-less SSH access (although password root access is configured).
- `sshpass` is also installed.

Commit message:

Add pubkey auth and sudo

README.md, after:

A practice environment for the Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) EX294 exam.

Run the script `bin/deploy.sh` to:
- Install `podman` and `podman-compose` if not present
- Configure the root password for all nodes (default is `qwerty`)
- Build the local node image (from the Rocky Linux UBI 10 base) with systemd
- Deploy the node stack (control and managed nodes)

Once this runs you will automatically be connected to the control node to start practicing.

Access to# the control node can be performed manually with `podman exec -it ex294_control /bin/bash`.

The `bin/restart.sh` script will bring down the stack; removing containers and the container network, and redeploy the lab.


If you have to leave the control node's terminal, take note of the question for later review.

## Setup
Following other similar setups, this compose file will create one control node and four managed nodes:
- control.example.com (172.28.128.100)
- node1.example.com (172.28.128.101)
- node2.example.com (172.28.128.102)
- node3.example.com (172.28.128.103)
- node4.example.com (172.28.128.104)

## Note
These nodes do NOT:
- Have Ansible or Python installed on them.
- Have password-less SSH access (although password root access is configured).
- Some packages outside of the UBI are installed for QoL (sshpass, sudo)
